this is just a scrible pad no promises of any of this getting included

when sneaking the player is snapped to the colision box of the node they are standing in
+ the colision box can be sufficiently offset to transport the player into another node
=> super fast transport
find out in how far this works veritically

Do bouncy nodes act on entities other then the player?

TODO:
make it so the telepad can be filled by rightclicking it with a valid position ticket
	make a visual distinction between an active and inactive telepad

seamless teleporter

colectibles (coins)
	something for gameplay like yooka lehlee and similar

temporary flight - gradualy recharges while standing on ground

2*6*16 walkways?

consider removing momentum when teleporting to checkpoint
	on the other hand this could be used as a legitimate tactic
		in which case it should get a dedicated stuff for it instead of checkpoints (maybe)

maybe have secrets in the form of people hidden in odd places which give you a random phrase when talked to

TODO:
nodes
	a trophy to put at the end of the course

    a node on which sneaking doesn't work -'fufufu'
		requires physics override?

    sneak only bridges - might work with 0 thicknes colisionbox?

    water - blue
    barier which removes items
    nodes which can be picked up/moved - gameplay consideration
        only placable against certain nodes

	node which sets the players physics override when the player walks over it
		with option to make it temporary?

	slippery ice - has no friction(po.speed = 0)

item
    golden feather - add/set velocity in direction of look, has cooldown
        (totaly think about recreating that one TNT minecraft game)
        - would reqire pysics override to be playable
    parachute - slowfall

    grapling hook?
    enderpearl?
    gun?

mechanics
	sprinting -- example values: 'p:set_physics_override(1.8, 1.1, 1)'

	particle bridge emitter (what happened during the develpment of in world chiseling)

    item dipenser

    powerups to jupheight/speed/...
    special powers - shapeshifting
        would make my game extra special
    locked doors/bariers
    teleportation
    something to set the /home position
    timed doors
    on rejoin move to last checkpoint?

    nodes which become invisible if a player is too close
        detect by abm then manipulate by global step -- I have since forgotten what this is supposed to mean
		lbm to turn invisible verion to visible one
		maybe the invisible node has a timer which checks if it should turn back?


    skins awiable as a reward for completing a level

    shooting targets as trigger

    eventual autogeneration of levels

mods
    creative
    worldedit for quick construction
    exschem - actualy probably unneccesary
    something to manage player effects/physics overrides



DONE:

nodes
    generic terain - grey
    platforms of intended route - orange

    reset to checkpoint on touch - red
    glass
    lightsources - sealanterns?


item
    returner - returns you to last checkpoint

mechanics
	checkpoint

	timer
		start
			step on to start counting time
		end
			step on to stop timer
		display current timer time in the hud

    blocks which switch between on and of states

	a way to place nodes midair
		travers a line in look direction and place in first node which doesn't intersect with the placer

terrain
    default terrain is a flat at and bellow 0 y
